Clarify compatibility wrt. template specializations (#2138)
NVIDIA/cccl: README.md

Users are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines in order to minimize the risk of disruptions from accidentally depending on parts of CCCL that are not part of the public API:

> - Do not add any declarations to, or specialize any template from, the `thrust::`, `cub::`, `nv::`, or `cuda::` namespaces unless an exception is noted for a specific symbol, e.g., specializing a type trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not add any declarations to, or specialize any template from, the `thrust::`, `cub::`, `nv::`, or `cuda::` namespaces unless an exception is noted for a specific symbol, e.g., specializing `cuda::std::iterator_traits`
```
